You stinky bitch
Do you remember what happened so many years ago?
You eat my food and drink my money
I will put living expenses on your account every month
It's not much.
But the daily expenses are finally enough
And I've been your nanny all these years
Take care of your food, clothing, housing and transportation
Is this all I should do?
I don't owe you anything at all, you bitch
Are you trying to hit me?
You you
So many people are watching
Are you still hitting me?
You wait for me.
Hey, don't go, hey, hurry up
Don't leave until you pay me back
Pay back what money
I haven't asked him for money yet
I'll tell you what.
Lao Tzu worked hard to earn money to support him
He eats and drinks for free, it's not that I asked Lao Tzu to pay back the money
I'll tell you what.
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today
I won't pay him back a penny
You climb high branches and shake off the moon
You still have the face to say that
You know that the moon supports you to study
You don't know how to be grateful
Now you broke up
You must return the money to us.
Liyue, it was you who ruined my marriage
I haven't asked you for money yet.
I didn't ask you for mental damage.
You ask me for money?
I tell you I'm not doing well today
You can't do it either.
What should I do about Tongtong?
Why don't we go? Don't worry.
I have to help you with this money today to make you sick
You have to pay back this money today.
You have to pay it back
you
Crazy
Yueyue
Are you all right?